README.md, before:

![GitHub All Releases](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/mikxingu/HexMap_Editor/total)
![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/mikxingu/HexMap_Editor?color=red)
![GitHub closed issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed-raw/mikxingu/HexMap_Editor?color=green)
# Unity HexMap Editor

This project is an implementation of Catlike Coding Tutorial.
The original tutorial can be found at (https://catlikecoding.com/unity/tutorials/hex-map/).

![HEXMAP](./HexMap%20RTS%20Game/logo.jpg)

This repository will only contain the files that I created while trying to reproduce the tutorial steps. 

Any new ideas or implementations will be stored in another repository.

The "reference" branch contains the original code for each section of the tutorial.

---

### Progress Tracker
This base project is based on 27 parts. The following parts have already been done:
- [x] Part1
- [x] Part2
- [x] Part3
- [x] Part4
- [x] Part5
- [x] Part6
- [x] Part7
- [x] Part8
- [x] Part9
- [x] Part10
- [x] Part11
- [x] Part12
- [x] Part13
- [x] Part14
- [x] Part15
- [x] Part16
- [x] Part17
- [x] Part18
- [x] Part19
- [ ] Part20
- [ ] Part21
- [ ] Part22
- [ ] Part23
- [ ] Part24
- [ ] Part25
- [ ] Part26
- [ ] Part27
- [ ] Package 1.0 Released

## Project images
Here are some images of the current state of the project on my machine. They will be updated as the project progresses
![image1](./HexMap%20RTS%20Game/1.png)
![image2](./HexMap%20RTS%20Game/2.png)
![image3](./HexMap%20RTS%20Game/3.png)

Commit message:

Update README File Released pre-alpha

README.md, after:

![GitHub All Releases](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/mikxingu/HexMap_Editor/total)
![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/mikxingu/HexMap_Editor?color=red)
![GitHub closed issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed-raw/mikxingu/HexMap_Editor?color=green)
# Unity HexMap Editor

This project is an implementation of Catlike Coding Tutorial.
The original tutorial can be found at (https://catlikecoding.com/unity/tutorials/hex-map/).

![HEXMAP](./HexMap%20RTS%20Game/logo.jpg)

This repository will only contain the files that I created while trying to reproduce the tutorial steps. 

Any new ideas or implementations will be stored in another repository.

The "reference" branch contains the original code for each section of the tutorial.

---

### Progress Tracker
This project is based on 27 parts. The following parts have already been completed:
- [x] Part1
- [x] Part2
- [x] Part3
- [x] Part4
- [x] Part5
- [x] Part6
- [x] Part7
- [x] Part8
- [x] Part9
- [x] Part10
- [x] Part11
- [x] Part12
- [x] Part13
- [x] Part14
- [x] Part15
- [x] Part16
- [x] Part17
- [x] Part18
- [x] Part19
- [ ] Part20
- [ ] Part21
- [ ] Part22
- [ ] Part23
- [ ] Part24
- [ ] Part25
- [ ] Part26
- [ ] Part27
- [ ] Bugfix / 0 issues
- [ ] Release version 1.0

## Project images
Here are some images of the current state of the project on my machine. They will get updated as the project progresses
![image1](./HexMap%20RTS%20Game/1.png)
![image2](./HexMap%20RTS%20Game/2.png)
![image3](./HexMap%20RTS%20Game/3.png)
